
**Vfans Project Introduction**

**External FAQ**

**Q1.	 What is Vfans?**

Vfans is a social media community that credits creators and viewers to grow the community and shares public income of the community based on Vfans Tokens. Our mission is to build a decentralized social media that is owned by creators and their fans.

**Q2.	How do we support our mission?**

Different from the major social media platforms that are centralized governance and take profit from advertisements without sharing with creators, Vfans aims to build a decentralized community to vote policies on what content to publish and how to make public income. The community will also return the public profit (public income after expense) to creators and their fans based on contributions made to the public profits (Q7).  Specific the way we do that is:

1.	Build social media infrastructure through open-source modular tools
2.	Distribute governance token for creators and their fans
3.	Vote content management, advertisement, and operation policies
4.	Return public profit to creators and their fans for community impact
5.	Continue to increase level of decentralization and lower community operation costs

**Q3.	How does Vfans charge service fees and support creators grow?**

Vfans is a video and content platform for creators to publish contents and communicate with fans. Vfans charges 20% flat fees on GMV that creator received and return Vfans token to creators and their fans to share public profit of Vfans. In addition, Vfans will promote creators on omni-channel to support creators to grow their fans and subscription income. 

**Q4.	How is Vfans governed?**

To make sure that Vfans is serving its mission, Vfans is governed by the community through VFT votes and incentives. VFT is a governance token that is owned by the community to make decisions and embeds dividend rights.

Workstreams and Community Development: 
1.	VFans projects is an open and diverse network of initiative teams, core contributors and community builders. We focus on experimentation and innovation that advances user experiences and VFans governance.
2.	VFans Growth is the marketing division of VFans, responsible for growth of public income of the community and compliance of content publications.
3.	VFans Ops handles community operations.

**Q5.	How does Vfans generate public income?**

Vfans will open paid advertising function for brands and new coming creators. All incomes from advertising, Vfans NFT and service fee will be counted as public income. 

**Q6.	How is Vfans Token (VFT) distributed?**

The VFT is distributed to active participants in Vfans’ mission. Also, VFT has a claim on ownership of Public Profit of Vfans community.  Public Profit is public income generated by the community after expenses such as advertisement, NFT and service fees.  The intention of this distribution is to split VFT evenly between creators/users and community builders.

The total supply of VFT is 100,000,000 (100M) tokens, break down as follows: 
•	Airdrop: Creator and their fans -50%
•	Vfans Governance – 20%
•	Stakeholder – 30%

Airdrop Allocation: 
Allocation Type	Allocation%	Token Count	Note
Creator GMV	80	40,000,000	
Fans GMV	20	10,000,000	
Total	100%	50,000,000	
Gross Merchandise Value: total value of content and merchandise paid by viewers such as subscription, donation, and NFT. Fans GMV means GMV generated through referral or group purchases. 

Vfans Governance: 20,000,000 VFT (20%)
This includes allocations to the Vfans core team and future employees who create the product, operate the products, promote the brand, generate public income, and support policy voting. All VFT allocated to team members are subject to a vesting schedule of at least three years.

Stakeholders: 30,000,00 VFT (30%)
This portion of VFT distribution is allocated to stakeholders of Vfans legal entities, who are investors and strategic partners of Vfans (excluding team members).

Rights of VFT:

Financial Rights of VFT:  Holders of VFT will receive quarterly dividend from Vfans as payout of public profit based on the amount of qualified VFT. Qualified VFT means that a VFT is held in the same owner or received from airdrop for at least 180 days.  Initially, 80% of public profit will be paid out in 45 days after every quarter, and 20% of remaining profit will be used as a reserved fund for operation or will be rolled into the next payout.  This payout ratio of public profit is subject to the operation plan each year and may be changed with community votes.

Vote Rights of VFT: Each VFT represents 1 community vote. 
